RHIDP-2140: updates to rbac documentation (#264)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/admin/con-rbac-config-permission-policies-external-file.adoc

    policies-csv-file: /some/path/rbac-policy.csv
----

You can use an optional configuration value that enables reloading the CSV file without restarting the {product-short} instance.

Set the value of the `policyFileReload` option in the `app-config.yaml` file:

[source,yaml]
----
# ...
permission:
  enabled: true
  rbac:
    policies-csv-file: /some/path/rbac-policy.csv
    policyFileReload: true
    # ...
----

> == Mounting `policy.csv` file to the Developer Hub Helm Chart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Mounting `policy.csv` file to the {product-short} Helm chart
```

> When the {product} is deployed with the Helm Chart, then you must define the `policy.csv` file by mounting it to the {product-short} Helm Chart. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the {product} is deployed with the Helm chart, you must define the `policy.csv` file by mounting it to the {product-short} Helm chart. 
```
